---
title: Privacy Policy
description: The Privacy Policy
lastUpdated: 2024-07-17
blueprint: page
---

# Privacy Policy

<sub>Last updated: <strong>July 17th, 2024</strong></sub>

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words in which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in the plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

**Account** means an account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service. Our Service only has accounts created through the Third-party Discord.

**Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with
a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority.

**Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded or accessed by You on any electronic device, named Elite Discord Bot, the website "elitebot.dev", or the API at "api.elitebot.dev"

**Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to the owning entity of the Application.

**Country** refers to Ohio, United States

**Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.

**Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

**Public Data** is an information that relates to an individual on the Service that is inherently public for the function of the Service.

**Service** refers to the Application.

**Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

**Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

**Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

**Discord** refers to a Third-part Social Media Service called Discord which operates as it's own legal entity. Use of our Service may be done through Discord, and is subject to their own terms and privacy policy. It is Your responsibility to abide by these terms and policies while using Discord. If the links provided in this document do not work, it is Your responsibility to locate the official documents for Discord.

**Discord TOS** may be found here https://discord.com/terms

**Discord Privacy Policy** may be found here https://discord.com/privacy

**Discord Paid Services Terms** may be found here https://discord.com/terms/paid-services-terms

**Benefits** refer to anything you receive as a result of making a purchase through Discord.

**Subscription** refers to a reoccurring charge through Discord.

**Support Server** refers to a place within Discord where users can contact the Company and receive notices from the Company. It may be found at https://elitebot.dev/support

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

## Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Specific Discord Account Data
- Purchases made through Discord

## Public Data

While using Our Service, We may ask you to provide Us with certain data which by providing, you agree that it is not Personal Data and may be shown to all users of our Service. Most Public Data is not provided by you, and is instead gathered from the Third-Party Hypixel, there is no option to remove data provided from Third-parties, as this data is not Personal Data and contains no identifying information to the extent of applicable laws.

Third-party Public Data may include:

- Your player's data on the Minecraft server "Hypixel"
- Your Minecraft Account(s) public information
- Your Discord Account public information

Public Data provided by You to our Service may include:

- The connection between Your Discord Account and Your Minecraft Account(s)
- Configured settings which may include Benefits provided by our Service

### Your Minecraft Account

You can optionally associate your Minecraft account(s) to the Service to provide further features and options available to you. Under normal circumstances, this data is not able to personally identify You and is considered Public Data.

It is possible that you can be identified by your Minecraft Account if Microsoft suffers a data breach or you publicly claim ownership of the account. These scenarios are not the responsibility of our Service.

This connection may be removed by You by removing Your Minecraft Account(s) from your Account on the Service.

### Your Discord Account

You can optionally associate Your Discord Account by logging into the service or by making use of the Minecraft Account link feature within Discord. No personally identifiable data is stored as a result of these actions. However, specific Discord account data which is not used by the Service is either not stored by our Company, or only accessible by you or the Company as a precaution.

It is possible that you can be identified by your Discord Account if Discord suffers a data breach or you publicly claim ownership of the account. These scenarios are not the responsibility of our Service.

This connection may be removed by You by removing Your Minecraft Account(s) from your Account on the Service. If you wish to fully delete or request all data related to Your Discord Account you must contact the Company.

## Purchases made through Discord

All monetization and purchases are handled via the Third-party Social Media Platform Discord. By making a purchase you are agreeing to Discord's Paid Services Terms. These terms also may limit your rights to refunds.

Our Service does not handle any personal information entered to make these purchases. Any complaints regarding a transaction or disputes of charges must be directed at Discord, as our Service is not responsible. Read our Application's Terms of Service for more information.

In order to provide You with Benefits from your purchases, a limited amount of data is obtained and stored on our Service. This data does not include any personally identifiable data, but is only accessible by You or by the Company. This data is limited by what Discord provides here https://discord.com/developers/docs/monetization/entitlements#entitlement-object-entitlement-structure.

Because this data is not personally identifiable, you may only remove it by contacting the Company and requesting the deletion of Account.

### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data is not identifiable, it is only used to measure the amount of traffic that the Service receives. For example, keeping count of how many times a specific feature of the Service is utilized.

Because of the anonymous nature of this data collection, you may only opt-out by not using the Service.

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- **To contact You:** To contact You through Discord, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products, or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- **To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
- **For other purposes**: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, and evaluating and improving our Service, services, and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- **With Your consent**: We may only disclose Your personal information to You with Your consent.
- **To Settle Disputes:** In the event of a dispute between our Company and Discord, we may have to share information regarding your Account.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's servers and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

# Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please Contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By Email: contactkaeso@gmail.com
- On Discord: https://elitebot.dev/support
